---
author: admin
comments: true
date: 2005-10-08 10:08:00+00:00
layout: post
published: false
slug: act-2-maya
title: 'Act 2: Maya'
wordpress_id: 132
categories:
- 2-Months-in-Oblivion
- Articles
- Code Review on Life
---

Ritsuki had been close to Jin not only because they were seatmates but Ritsuki has this habit of teasing anybody worth teasing. Banjo was a great target, since he had bluntly confessed his affection for Jin, he was vulnerable. Banjo was an intelligently loud person, he may be tactless most of the time but he was sensible. and though he may say ruthless things, he often looks at the mirror first. Those were the things that Rituski and Michiko had grown fond of Banjo. Jin however was just as vulnerable as Banjo was, Jin easily gets embarrassed when Banjo does his teasing, and her milky white complexion was rapidly turning red.  
  
"C'mon admit it!" Banjo says, slightly bending the scenario, making people think that he was just teasing, and that he doesn't really mean saying it.  
  
"What the hell am I suppose to admit!" Jin replies with utter rejection for Banjo.  
  
"I don't like loud guys, it's so unmanly." Jin continues, as she sees Banjos face get crumpled up.  
  
"Huh? am I loud? tell me, do I act unmanly?"  
  
"Yup, you're such a girly man, Banjo! haha!" Misato followed.  
  
"Hey! will you guys quit it! so what if Banjo really is a girly man? at least he can still be a man!" Ritsuki added.  
  
This kind of conversation goes about from day to day as classes are about to start, when the teachers take a break, at recess time and before dismissal. and every single time, laughter was present. Ritsuki would always notice Michiko's smile at the background, as her eyes narrows down giving away a meaningful smile, Ritsuki had been at close watch. He knew that Michiko was cute. and that he liked her that way. but there was no special feeling that time. they were both assuming that they were at a different wavelength. they talk from time to time, but it was just a friendly conversation, a chat between seatmates. but what goes on that time was not at all surprising. Ritsuki was used to hide his feelings, unlike Banjo, he doesn't even give away a single clue. for him, there was no reason for anybody to know. if the girl he liked would have to figure it out, it has to be special. something unforgettable. this is why Ritsuki had always been holding back. he knows for a fact that he likes Michiko, but he was not sure how deep, he also know that he likes Jin too, but it might have been just friendship. he didn't exactly know the difference between crushes and love interests. all he ever knew was that he liked the way Michiko smiles.  
  
This is where Maya gets into the picture. Maya is also a fellow classmate of Michiko and Ritsuki, only she was seated farther to the right edge of the room on the 3rd row. Maya had long hair and almond eyes, just the way Ritsuki had ever liked in a girl. she was also as perky as he had liked her to be. but he was still confused. Young hearts are naive, they often tend to do foolish things at a young age. They may have convinced themselves on what they were feeling but in truth, they were as innocent as a child. At some time after dismissal, Ritsuki was confronted by Maya's friends Nuriko and Mai, Nuriko asked the unsuspecting Ritsuki with personal questions that Ritsuki himself couldn't answer. He was cornered between 2 girls with one objective, to find out if Ritsuki does have something going on with their friend Maya.  
  
Nuriko whispered, "So... is it true? you do like Maya, don't you?"  
  
"What!? what makes you say that?" Ritsuki answered.  
  
"C'mon Ritsuki, its written all over our face. C'mon admit it! there's nothing wrong with telling the truth." Mai's enthusiasm was growing. her eyes was shimmering.  
  
"Yep, c'mon tell us! it would be our little secret!" Nuriko Added.  
  
"So what if I do? would it matter? she wont give a damn anyways." as Ritsuki said this, he was a bit hessitant, honestly, Maya was not the only one he liked. there was Jin who had been his closest friend in class of the opposite sex and there was this sweet girl at the back row named Michiko, who has the cutest smile there is.  
  
"So its settled then!" Mai's excitement had reached its extremety, as Ritsuki had seemed to confess to them his true feelings for Maya.  
  
"Huh!? what's settled?" Ritsuki was startled.  
  
With small pitches of giggles, Nuriko and Mai held Ritsuki's hands and dragged him towards St. Mathew Church. what Ritsuki didn't know was that Maya was waiting there. as if she had been expecting the right answer from Ritsuki.  
  
"haha, you're hands are cold Ritsuki!" Mai said with significant giggles.  
  
Ritsuki was hesitant, he figured something was going on and he can't escape it.  
  
"Hey c'mon, what are you guys doing? where are you taking me? … hey… you guys what’s going on!? Hey!!!" Ritsuki was worried, though he knew what was going on, he figured that it was not the right time to confess if ever he was to confess, and does he really like Maya anyways?  
  
"Dont be so jumpy Ritsuki, we're not gonna murder you or anything, we just want you to meet someone... and believe us, you are gonna thank us later! haha!" Nuriko was just as excited as Mai is now.  
  
"What! Hey!" Ritsuki had been a lot more worried this time. but for some strange reason, he didn't ever tried to escape. It was like his body was moving on its own. As he went further inside St. Mathew Church, his heart was pounding heavily, Nuriko and Mai felt it. Ritsuki was dead nervous.  
  
Nuriko then called upon Maya who was actually hiding on a pillar on the far edge of the church. she was just as nervous as Ritsuki was. She had a happy face. She was smiling so greatly and both Nuriko and Mai was enjoying the moment. As Ritsuki and Maya's eyes met, they became silent. Giggles were still echoing inside the empty church. Nuriko and Mai distanced themselves to give the two a chance to talk... but Ritsuki was still silent.  
  
"What did those lunatics tell you? you seem nervous." Maya said trying to break the ice.  
  
"Um... n-nothing actually, t-they were asking if... er..." Ritsuki's heart was pounding harder now. "Is this what they call love confession?" he asked himself as he gave a shy glance at Maya's face.  
  
... to be continued.
