---
author: admin
comments: true
date: 2005-10-06 02:00:00+00:00
layout: post
published: false
slug: prologue-2-months-in-oblivion
title: 'Prologue: 2 Months in Oblivion'
wordpress_id: 130
categories:
- 2-Months-in-Oblivion
- Articles
- code-review-on-life
---

Once there was this love triangle. A complicated three sided love affair that was getting worse. Ritsuki was a hopeless romantic in constant search for the right girl to become his partner. Michiko was a loner seeking attention from whom she had known to be the love of her life. And Masaru was Michiko’s boyfriend for 5 years who had always been looking for something Michiko wasn’t able to give. All three had been tediously looking for contentment, until Ritsuki came into Michiko’s life.  
  
Ritsuki and Michiko had been Elementary school classmates and had known each other way back 15 years ago. It was like fate had brought the two together again for a decade and a half. Michiko was in search for a friend, a confidant. And she found one at Ritsuki. They met online from the popular community website called Friendster, and worked their way to becoming good friends as the days go by. A lot has changed in 11 years since they last met, but instantaneously they had become the best of friends. It was the time that Masaru had been giving less attention for Michiko that he had concentrated on becoming more of a workaholic than a soon to be husband. Though the engagement has not taken place, Michiko and Masaru had been planning to tie the knot in about a year or so. But the excitement had faded dramatically with some changes of hearts. Ironically Ritsuki came into the picture without malicious intentions. He had plenty of room for a new friend, and had accepted Michiko openhandedly.  
  
Months came to pass. Michiko and Ritsuki had been spending an awful lot of time together. from Friendster messages, to Yahoo Messenger IM’s (instant messages), to emails, to sms, (text messages via cellular phones), to phone calls, to constant meetings, to dinners, to becoming really close friends. For months Michiko had been spending more time with Ritsuki than she would have been with Masaru. And it had endangered Michiko and Masaru’s 5 year relationship.  
  
Eventually, things have gotten off hand and Masaru had noticed something different from Michiko. She was starting to fall in love with Ritsuki. Ritsuki on the other hand had been hiding his feelings for Michiko and was actually in love with her for that short period of time. But it was all so wrong, Michiko and Masaru soon had arguments concerning Ritsuki, and Masaru’s jealousy was getting more and more intense. Masaru haven’t been this jealous about any other guy before. Ritsuki’s case was different. Masaru has forbidden Michiko to contact Ritsuki in any way possible. By then Michiko has to make a choice. But the concept of what’s right and wrong had been bothering her. her mind chooses Masaru and yet her heart was telling her not to let go of Ritsuki. But as a result, Ritsuki moved away, he knew Michiko was never going to leave Masaru and had convinced himself that it was indeed a one sided love. Michiko was in a complications, she had confusions on what love really meant. Was it really love she’s feeling for Ritsuki? As Ritsuki left Michiko he confessed his true emotions, but when Ritsuki asked if she feels the same, she replied with, “I don’t really know…” They parted ways and hoped that they would never see each other again. It’s true what they say that if you get too close to the fire, you will get burned. But it can’t be helped. Ritsuki and Michiko had been alike in so many ways that they could never imagine. Sparks fly when they were together, in everything that they do, they feel good about each other. In Ritsuki’s eyes, they were soul mates. And Michiko agreed.  
  
Almost 3 months has passed. Ritsuki and Michiko was in deep depression but most people around them did not notice. Michiko was thinking about Ritsuki all the time, just as much as Ritsuki does every single day. Until one day, they met each other again, when they both knew they had been able to recover from the incident. When they knew that they could still be friends and enjoy each others company more. But Ritsuki was hesitant, he wanted Michiko back but he was afraid that his love for her might complicate things once again. In fact, Ritsuki’s love for Michiko didn’t ever fade. But in his mind, it was not his fault to meet with Michiko again, Michiko didn’t have anything to do with it either, it was fate.  
  
Ritsuki told himself that if ever Michiko would ever come back to him, he wont ever let go again. Michiko was happy with Ritsuki as a friend, so he decided to accept what ever Michiko could offer, he accepted the friendship but assured that he can never give up his feelings for Michiko, but for as long as Michiko would be happy, Ritsuki stayed. More problems arise as Masaru still has no idea what was going on. He knew that Ritsuki was out of Michiko’s life forever. But it seems as though fate really wanted Ritsuki and Michiko to be together. It is what Masaru was gravely afraid of.  
  
For months, Ritsuki and Masaru has hidden their friendship from Masaru. But it was just friendship. Though Ritsuki was sure about how he feels about Michiko, he must try not to get too deeply involved again. He limited himself through things concerning Michiko and Masaru… until a shocking discovery led into much complication… Hikaru came into the picture. Hikaru bothered Michiko with shocking revelations that Hikaru and Masaru had been together for months, even before Michiko and Ritsuki ever met. Hikaru wanted Michiko to leave Masaru for Masaru was cheating on her. And though Michiko did not believe a single word that Hikaru had spoken, it made the confusion a bit more intense. Why wont she get jealous?  
  
Hikaru kept on Bugging Michiko with unwanted information. Of course, Masaru denied everything. But the worst came about as Ritsuki found out about Masaru’s actions. He was furious, he wanted to know the truth. Michiko then opened up to Ritsuki about the matter, yet she was not taking action. This led Ritsuki into more aggression. Though he wasn’t showing Michiko how he was feeling about the issue, he wanted to dig deeper. Until he had managed to talk to Hikaru herself, and it was a lot more shocking. Ritsuki kept his discovery for himself. He figured it would be wrong for Michiko to know about Masaru’s actions from him, she has to figure these things out for herself, but she didn’t make a single move. She just let it be.  
  
Ritsuki endured the pain of knowing that the one person he had truly loved is being hurt, he wanted to take action but he is just at a wrong place at the wrong time. But he had managed to dig deeper inside Michiko’s confused heart. Michiko really had feelings for Ritsuki, but she said that it was complicated. She can’t disregard her 5 year relationship with Masaru. 5 years of hardships and happy memories that she knew she had to take into consideration. She also confessed that even before Hikaru came into their lives, Michiko’s love for Masaru had faded away.  
  
Michiko and Ritsuki was in love with each other, but Michiko was holding back because of Masaru who she knew she had loved for 5 long years. She knew that it was so wrong to fall in love with Ritsuki while being with Masaru. The guilt had strongly held her aback. But on the other hand, Masaru couldn’t ever let go of Michiko. He wanted to fight back. Hikaru’s existence was an eye opener, but still it hasn’t been the issue. What is much worse than being with someone that you don’t love and leaving that one person you truly love behind. Michiko was lying to Masaru, this is why guilt gushes in strongly.  
  
But the worst thing happened one midnight. Masaru confronted Ritsuki over the phone… both men fought for Michiko, exchanging harsh words, and Michiko was deeply worried. Masaru and Ritsuki’s fight lasted for long. It opened up many issues concerning the three. One must really move away. One must accept the truth that he can never be with Michiko forever. It’s a choice between 2 hopefuls fighting over a girl. Michiko’s choice would be the only thing that can stop this turmoil. But she was still undecided.  
  
And so she planned on taking a break. She decided to be the one to move out. She didn’t want to hear anything about the two for two months. Two months is what she had requested to spend alone and rethink about the situation. Two months of thinking would be enough for her to make up her mind. In two months she would weigh her feelings about the two and figure out who she really wanted to be with for the rest of her life. It was inevitable. This story needed an ending.  
  
For 2 months Ritsuki and Masaru would have to wait for Michiko to come back and decide. No communications, no connections whatsoever. Michiko needed space, and so this 2 months was the best solution. What comes about in the next two months will conclude this long and disturbing love triangle… 2 months in oblivion… would everything be worth the wait?
