---
author: admin
comments: true
date: 2007-09-10 21:22:16+00:00
layout: post
slug: whos-next
title: Who's Next
wordpress_id: 154
categories:
- Code Review on Life
---

Its my last week at the office... the last week working my ass off for annoying clients... the last week of playing loud ska music while working... the last week of working with friends...

Shit... I miss my work already...! to top it all off... I worry too much on all sortsa things! sheesh!

1. Time is running short and the company still couldn't find someone who could replace me and do the work that I do... It gets me worried... why aren't they doing something about it? I dont have enough time to train that person, who ever he/she is! hire someone or promote an employee... they need to act fast

2. Even if they do find someone after my resignation effectivity...  this person needs to study any documentation I prepare. this would take them weeks to finish research and get to know the project well... projects that I handle aren't those who can be learned in a day! I tell ya that!

3. Projects that I handle are on beta phases nearing their individual launch dates. I don't think clients would wait any longer. If I would be around to train someone, that someone could have a better shot at making this work. Are they planning to drop all my clients?

4. I have paid leaves that I can make use of. This would strip me days off my work and I'm worried that if I do so. I wouldn't have much time wrapping things up.... shit man! I need those leaves!

5. Specifically, I have a client that they want to drop because of me leaving... shit... these kind of clients are the ones you dont get off easily... if only they knew.

I requested 2 months to finish what I started... and they wont let me. Now, I see a mojor problem coming. I want to solve it but I cant... darnit!

God help us all... err.. them rather!
