---
author: admin
comments: true
date: 2007-10-18 21:21:47+00:00
layout: post
slug: 12-is-better
title: 12 is Better
wordpress_id: 152
categories:
- code-review-on-life
---

Tagged...

Someone tagged me... again! ehehe. humaygosh... these poeple might be thinking that I'm some kind of Blog addict. ehehe... well, Am I?


“Each player of this game starts with 6 weird things about you. People who get tagged need to write a list of their own 6 weird things as well as state the rule clearly. In the end, you need to choose 6 people to be tagged and list their names. Don’t forget to leave a comment that says you are tagged in their comments and tell them to read your blog.”


Oh well, might as well give in to the temptation! ehehe. to be fair, instead of writing 6, I'll write 12... eheh...

Sachiko's Tag:

1. I'm a natural born STALKER...! scared? dont worry, I'm just exaggerating. eheh. Well... I really dont know why, but I always tend to look for ways to know stuff from certain individuals when they ignore me. I browse multiply blogs anonymously and sometimes connive with other people to know a little of what the person is doing. You can call it paranoia but I really can't stand people hiding something from me, especially my friends... It makes my nose itch! eheh. This also makes me a guaranteed nosy sucker! So.. In a way, I could be a stalker... but a harmless one though...

2. When I climb stairs, I tip toe... but when I go back down, my feet lay flat over the steps. Its a gesture I do since childhood. Funny thing is, someone else noticed this first before I did. ehe.

3. when I walk through square tiles on malls and some streets, it annoys me when I step over lines (tile gap). even smaller rectangular ones, It's like a life long "Step - NO" game and world is the game board. ehehe.

4. I have REALLY BAD handwriting... you can check my notes if you want... oh the shame.

5. I'm someone who is motivated by insults. eheh. The more you put down my worth the more I become unstoppable. bwehehe. If you tell me I'm not fit to be PM. Then I'll let you see me as the best PM the world has never seen before. taray noh? eheh. 

6. I'm a chili addict. I always like my food hot and spicy! eheh. Thankfully, I am not having "ALMURANAS" eheh. Or at least I thought I don't. Oh and I don't eat ketchup if its not in a spaghetti or burger...

Light's Tag:

1. I am an animal lover, even if I do not have any pet... ehehe. "kikyo! san na si Pang Pagang (female version of Pong Pagong) ko!!!"

see this video as proof: [http://youtube.com/watch?v=7NvSyYS7w74](http://youtube.com/watch?v=7NvSyYS7w74)

2. When I get interested on something, I do not say "I want something like that!" ... I say: "I will MAKE something like that! ...or even better!". but when I finally get what I want... the enthusiasm drops. fading into the abyss... tsk tsk. Its like when I got interested in "Architecture" back in gradeschool. I end up designing the blueprint of our garage back in fairview... (yep I designed it! eheh) I wanted to become an architect and design world famous infrastructures, but when I got hooked on anime and Manga, I lost the drive and end up making comicbooks... eheh. same as with, video gaming, animation, programming, writing, digital art, the bass guitar... the list goes on rendering a "Jack-of-all-trades" in me. But I dont wan't to be Jack, I just want to be Ringo. ehe.

3. When I like someone, I draw them often. ehe. basically, its one of the reasons why I draw again. Nowadays, its like a prerequisite that I do not draw until I have enough inspiration that I need. eheh. funny cos I noticed, I do not draw males anymore. ehehe.

4. When people do not let me do what I want to do. I do it secretly anyways... eheh. pasaway. tell me don't SPAM me, and I'll SPAM you more! eheh.

5. I'm currently having influenza now, ehehe. but I'm still at work... and I do not want any medicine. SCREW YOU DAMN FLU!!! eheh. (its all in the mind... its all in the mind)

6. I can sleep with loud music on, but I cant sleep with the lights on... Its like this morning when I arrive home at 2am, my sister could not sleep with the lights open. I wanted to have a good night sleep so I killed the lights, but she opened it again. She needs to wake up at 3am to review for the exams but I really wanted the lights closed... needless to say, we had a fight this morning.

There ya go.. I got tagged. so I should tag 6 more! ehehe. so here they are... (drum rolling)

1. MAYBS!!!! (yeah I know you're weird so you got a lot to blog about. ehe.)
2. Kikyo! (yeah you do not write much... but whaddaheck! eheh... Pang ko!)
3. Mark (oyesh!)
4. Maggie
5. Checka
6. Andreana! (you're it!) eheh.
