---
author: admin
comments: true
date: 2008-06-25 17:31:00+00:00
layout: post
slug: 3rd-tag
title: 3rd TAG
wordpress_id: 6
categories:
- code-review-on-life
---

I got tagged again... and I'm doing it for the third time... why not? It's Karen who tagged me! (It would get harder though, cause I've already wrote 12...!) bwehehe.

before going over the tag thing. here's a link to the previous two: [12 is Better](http://laszio.multiply.com/journal/item/143/12_is_Better_)

and so, the tagging begins....

Once you have been tagged, you have to write a blog with 10 weird, random things, facts, habits or goals about yourself. At the end, choose 10 people to be tagged, listing their names and why you chose them. Don't forget to leave them a comment ("You're It") and ask them to read your blog. You can't tag the person who tagged you. Since you can't tag me back, let me know when you've posted your blog so I can see your answers!



	
  1. I easily get turned on with girls who can make me laugh my guts out. Which is why I fell in love with my kittie, cause she's so pakking hilarious! ehehe.

	
  2. I rarely am on time... admittedly, yes. its something I am struggling to fix until this very moment. but I do come on time... sometimes... eheh.

	
  3. I am good at planning other people's schedules but not my own... truth.

	
  4. My mom is my weakness. use her against me and I'll fall... Hear me out though, IM NOT A MAMA'S-BOY

	
  5. I'm a challenge addict! dare me to do something that I can't and I'll do it! just don't tell me to kiss a guy. ehehe.

	
  6. I give names to material stuff that means a lot to me... like my Yukorin (bass guitar), Reca (laptop), Moon (acoustic guitar), Clio II (PC) ... and all that crap.

	
  7. I'm fond of making faces. Its just kinda my thing... eheh.

	
  8. I'm a heartless critic. ehehe. and its getting worse... tsktsk.

	
  9. I always like to tie my hair as wierd looking as possible.

	
  10. I like mimicking voices... cause it annoys people... and I like annoying people. bwehehe


So there ya have it... another 10. ehehe. I had fun, and now its your turn...

	
  1. Marky! - blog ka naman!

	
  2. Jerrymiah - kaw din!

	
  3. Marvin - lalo ka na!

	
  4. Francia - at ikaw din!

	
  5. Alex - try lang. ehe.

	
  6. Dorj - bwehehehe.

	
  7. Chelot - para astig!

	
  8. May - iwas stress

	
  9. Mimi - try lang!

	
  10. and Che - gogogo


wekekeke....

im out.
