---
author: admin
comments: true
date: 2009-11-21 20:27:51+00:00
layout: post
slug: focus
title: Focus
wordpress_id: 363
categories:
- code-review-on-life
- All-Pepper
tags:
- girlfriend
- kittie
- All-Pepper
- pressure
- stress
- work
---

Things go bad when you lose focus...

Pepper broke a tear again while we were having lunch this afternoon. Something I always feel bad to witness... "I feel so stupid, why do I always make those silly mistakes? It is as if I do not have common sense.." she said.

The thing is, my girl has always been working hard to cope up with work. The long hours of serving booze on a cigarette smoke infested bar, dealing with lonely horny foreigners who always fall prey to hungry gold digging prostitutes forcing their way in the bar, the insecure colleagues, the boring customers and of course the ridiculous overtimes... and despite the hardwork, she would always get scolded for repeating mistakes. Although there isn't any problem with the staff where in fact she's friends with, she would always get called to tell her she's losing FOCUS... I do think she's on the right track though, it just simply means she's starting to get mature in the real adult world.

Her problem is a typical work issue for me. I myself, had encountered a lot of similar scenarios especially when I started to stay long hours and even DAYS! at the office. Stress and pressure makes you lose focus and therefore let you commit further mistakes. mistakes that would require you to work on which actually leaves you to do more work than you should actually do. and therefore becoming more stressed and more mistakes will follow. and before you know it... it would become a disaster...

I never mind the problem, since for me its common. What I worry is the fact that my girl is losing confidence.. I can feel her depression.. and if there is one thing that makes me feed bad the most, is to see tears in her eyes.
